welcome
thank you thanks for having me good
morning happy to be here yeah um you
seem happy to be here which i'm not sure
i oh should not be i don't know
you you seem so um energetic
and ah yes i get that a lot i do get
that a lot really
yeah what do people say
um
just i don't know
that i yeah a ball of energy or like
it's way too early for me to be this
happy or whatever else
yeah
um
that's that's cool it sounds like it's
fun to be you
yeah i mean sometimes not all the time
but
often enough
yeah and so can you just start by
telling us a little bit so it's city on
is that right
yeah but uh you can call me sid or
sydney whatever is more comfortable
what do you prefer
i like said
okay sid it is
and can you tell us i i'm sure most
people know who you are because they're
spamming an emote that looks like you in
chat but uh that'll do it
um can you just tell us a little bit
about where we can find you on twitch
and on the internet and what you
do on the internet
oh yeah cool um i'm a twitch streamer
i'm full time now uh you can find me at
twitch.tv cityon and i think all my
socials are the same but yeah i stream
uh variety i like to say games but it's
mostly valerie but then i switched some
other stuff in there so yeah
yeah awesome that
and when did you become a full-time
streamer
about 10
months ago
10 or 11 yeah how's that been
amazing
so i actually uh graduated school with a
nursing degree and then i kind of just
was like well i'm at a crossroads here
let me just try out full-time streaming
and it worked out for me so i'm i'm
really truly happy with what i do
congratulations on graduating
thank you thank you
um and also you know going full time as
a streamer that's not easy to do
yeah thank you i appreciate it i'm
really happy though i don't i don't
regret any choices i made
yet
yet well there are other choices i
regret but you know here we are
yeah
so sid is there something in particular
that you wanted to talk about today or
or anything that i can help you with
um i think some things that you know i
had brought up prior were just like
multiculturalism is a huge thing for me
um in a discussion that i have on stream
pretty often uh imposter syndrome moving
into full-time streaming and like you
know
kind of
just my life completely flipping the
opposite direction of where i thought i
was gonna go has been a big thing for me
lately so kind of just feeling like i
fit in here or belong
with like where i am
okay awesome um i mean not that you have
an imposter syndrome but i think these
are wonderful things to talk about that
i think will be you know very
educational and hopefully helpful so can
you start by um telling me a little bit
about what multiculturalism means
yeah so
for me like i'm half black and half
white and i've grown up in a community
that
a community of people that never looked
like me and my entire life you know i've
been around people who don't look like
me um and so it's been
an interesting adjustment to just try
and balance the two cultures that i
share between like being black and white
um and i've always found it really
difficult and like as i continue to get
older
i continue to find myself in spaces
uh where i don't feel well represented
like even on twitch you know i don't
necessarily feel well represented as a
black woman um and so like having these
two cultures is
so much of my identity but i often times
don't feel like i
you know
fit in or have people around me who are
similar so um it's just a big thing for
me to
kind of
uh recognize both and then try and
figure out how i can
live harmoniously with all of it
it sounds like a lot like a lot of
moving pieces that you have to
continually like try to fit together
it feels like that
yeah
because i'm also kind of noticing that
if you know if if your identity has
different facets in any given group
there may be a part of you that fits in
but other parts of you that don't
exactly
that sounds challenging
it is a hundred percent i think there's
like this famous lyric that's like too
black for the white kids and two white
for the black and that's like exactly
how i feel um for the entirety of my
life that's how i felt so
uh it is definitely an interesting
balance
yeah so i think that reminds me of one
of my own kind of experiences growing up
so i am what is known as a coconut which
means brown on the outside and white on
the inside
gotcha so i i grew up in east texas
where um you know i was like
not indian enough for the indian kids
like i didn't go to indian dance class
and like didn't know how to do like the
ball like i didn't watch bollywood
movies or listen to indian music
um and listen to like you know blink 182
and and other angsty emo things
and then but also was you know faced a
fair amount of racial discrimination in
east texas
oddly enough because i looked mexican so
most of the insults were actually
directed towards a race that wasn't even
mine which is kind of
funny in some ways yeah
because it's like how racist are you
that you don't even know
no
yes i am you know
and
and then occasionally you know
appropriate racial insults
um yes
but i you know i i still think i imagine
in some ways it was
easier for me because at least i you
know i
i don't know it it sounds more
challenging for you than what i remember
my experience being
but
so can you tell me a little bit about um
you know what it was like to grow up
uh you know with one parent who was
caucasian and one parent who was
black oh
um
difficult i guess because
because
you know i think there's a phenomenon
where people more heavily identify with
their
like their culture that is um
kind of discriminated against right so i
feel like i maybe lean more towards
being a black woman that's if you walk
past me on the street you see me as a
black woman you know all those things
and i think that i often
talked growing up like i forgot about my
white side or like my mom would feel
hurt by me because she thought that i
would like forget that i'm also white
you know um so that was always really
hard to balance with my my mom because i
didn't ever want her to think that i
wasn't proud to be her daughter or
whatever else um but
that was that was difficult and also i
just kind of felt like my mother could
never truly understand what i go through
as a black woman as much as she tries
you know and is is a part of my life and
my experiences and like
seeing how i've you know had to grow up
in this world but i think uh
there are some things that she will just
never understand you know and so
um
i don't know i guess like a lot of my a
lot of my experiences as a black woman
like she's never faced the same
discrimination so she can't like truly
understand what i've been through you
know she can see it and she can hurt for
me and be empathetic which she very much
is um but it's just like
she's never
she doesn't like walk into stores and
notice that people are like watching her
or whatever you know she doesn't have
those thoughts whereas like when i walk
into
uh
the sephora and i notice that the person
at the front door is like kind of
following me around i i see those things
where she would never notice if she was
walking with me yeah so that kind of
stuff i i love how illustrative that
example is
like
you know because i i think sometimes
when we think about discrimination we
think about statistics
like you know like things that are like
measurable but but what i'm hearing from
you is it's it's kind of just baked into
when you walk around
yeah yeah it's very like uh a lot of
microaggressions all the time that most
people wouldn't recognize unless it's
happened to them
every time they've walked into you know
a place
can you tell me what a microaggression
is
yeah i mean i guess i don't know the
exact
uh
description for it but i would just say
that like it's these small
um
under like undertones of racism that i
would face
day to day things like uh that you
wouldn't expect me to
really pick out but someone's saying
like something i got growing up was like
oh you're so pretty for a black woman
you know like you're so pretty for a
black girl and it's like you're not
being super aggressively outwardly
racist but you're like putting in this
very backhanded portion of what you're
trying to say to me so it's like these
very yeah
passive-aggressive sly things that
happen
an insulting compliment
yes
that's what it feels like
interesting um i actually really like
that
uh example as well
um
yeah so i you know sid i find myself
and you know we can talk about whatever
you want to but the thing that i
actually find myself so curious about is
just wanting to hear more about what
your life
like is like you know what is it like
it's so illustrative
for me to just
um
you know to hear about your experience
at sephora and and like just what it
looks like because i think a lot of
times especially on the internet you
know words like microaggressions get
tossed around and people will like say
like oh like microaggressions or bs or
like microaggressions are real but i i i
think the thing that i appreciate the
most about talking to you is how you
bring some of these like abstract
concepts that people on the internet
argue about to life
because i think everyone i would hope
can understand you know how that's
it's like oh you're pretty for black
girls like it's kind of
you know yeah
the the underlying tone of you're pretty
for a black girl is like i don't find
black women pretty but you oh you're
pretty which feels really bad
and um uh it's definitely a comment i
got growing up all the time and i didn't
realize that it made me feel bad until i
got older and then i was like oh yeah
that's not a nice thing to say at all
yeah
so
yeah it's interesting kind of reminds me
of like cough syrup where they like make
it artificially sweet
but it still tastes nasty
yeah
it's like
um
yeah so can you just tell me a little
bit more about so it sounds like your
mom is white and your dad is black
and do you have siblings
i do um i have a younger brother and a
yeah a younger brother and a younger
sister and an older brother and an older
sister okay
um and and so what was growing up like
for you like we're you know
and i know that sometimes people are
sense like you should be sensitive to
privacy and stuff so you don't have to
give me like a specific city or anything
like that but i'm just curious like what
was
you know what was life like for you
growing up
yeah so i grew up and i lived with my
mom mostly because my parents have been
separated since i was young um i lived
in the suburbs outside of seattle so uh
definitely predominantly white and
korean i would say that i
i think i had like
a few other black students in school and
like we all knew each other but i wasn't
close with any of them um
so i felt like a lot of the time i was
making friends outside of my race which
is totally cool and awesome and like i
got to learn about a ton of other
cultures and things like that but um
it definitely makes you feel really
alienated and i grew up
if i'm being super candid hating the
color of my skin i hated my skin i hated
that i was different um
i
hated my curly hair i
didn't like you know my more black
features that i had
um
and that took me a really really long
time to accept myself for who i am and
like now i'm completely on the opposite
spectrum i like love the color of my
skin i love my culture you know whatever
it is um but it was really hard growing
up for sure because all you want to do
is is fit in especially in high school
like the last thing you want to do is be
different than everybody else
um so i would do things like
i don't know straighten my hair every
single day i would uh if it was sunny
outside i'd make sure that i didn't have
any skin showing so that i wasn't
getting any darker like real self-hate
stuff um growing up
and
it was something that i couldn't talk to
anyone about because i didn't have
anyone who could relate to me and my dad
is like this super
um
proud to be black man black man right
and so i didn't feel i didn't want him
to feel
disappointment or sad if i came to him
and was like i hate being black you know
um that wasn't a conversation that i
wanted to have with my dad because i
would feel so bad and then like
my siblings
not super close to growing up
um had very very different experiences
so
i definitely felt very very alone but
a part of something at the same time
because i was in sports and leadership
and like asb and all that kind of stuff
so it was like i fit in but only because
i was trying so hard to fit in
hmm
sid i
you know you
you do a wonderful job of like
constructing a narrative
like it's so interesting to hear a
little bit about you know how you kind
of piece things together and um
it's also kind of interesting because
what i'm sort of hearing is that you
felt a lot of shame but you couldn't
share that shame with your dad
and at the same time you kind of like
also like identified with being black
and that made it hard for your mom so
i'm sort of noticing that it was hard
for you to like really
openly and authentically connect with
either of your parents maybe yeah
um
and and i guess that's where the kind of
the feeling of alienation comes in or is
that like more related to school
uh
no i definitely think it was a little
bit of both and i mean not being able to
relate to my siblings my parents or the
people that i go to school with was just
kind of like
feeling alone in that aspect all the
time
you said that you used to hate the color
of your skin can you help me understand
like where those when you started to
have those thoughts
like how did that happen
oh
um
i couldn't
necessarily pinpoint i want to say maybe
around middle school is like when it
really became apparent to me that the
color of my skin was going to
affect the way that people around me
treat me or act or what they expect of
me there are so many expectations
as a black woman
you know my age but so many expectations
as a young black woman as well
um
and so i was oh sorry
yeah no of course i guess like things
like
um
you don't sound black as something that
i would get all the time and i'm like oh
because i'm eloquent and well spoken and
you know whatever i don't sound black
you expect me to sound this very certain
way that's a comment that you know
i would get growing up and i didn't
really understand i would be like oh
what does what does sounding black mean
you know and it's
what people are expecting of a black
woman
is these very like stereotypical things
that you see
in in movies and like that's what you
that's what you expect and if you don't
get that people are like shook you know
um
so those those sort of expectations or
um as i've gotten older an expectation
that i feel put on me often is that like
i need to be this really strong
independent black woman and like yeah
that's what i have to do and if i'm not
that you know if i'm vulnerable or
any of those type of things then like
i've failed as like the strong
independent black woman
so the expectations have changed but
they've always been there
sounds rough
yeah yeah
i guess i also don't want to make it out
to sound like it's all bad or like it's
always sucked for me you know um
because i guess that's what it sounds
like right now
but that's what i'm asking about okay
okay right but i'd love to hear about
you know how has it been good
um yeah i guess it just like it makes me
different i have these very different
experiences than other people and i feel
like not only was i taught empathy from
a young age from my parents i also feel
like i
learned it through my experiences like i
don't want other people to feel the way
that i've had to feel and so
it's made me this like really empathetic
person so i kind of try and twist them
into like positive things
that i would never like pass along to
other people or i also think like now
the fact that i have a platform feels
really good because i get to talk about
my experiences and i feel like
in my chat at least so many people
relate to me or
feel heard or seen or like i'm here to
be representation on twitch and so i'm
like really proud of that and happy that
i could can be a part of that too
how does it feel to be a part of
representation on twitch
um
yeah i mean obviously i want more i'm
always gonna want more uh
i just remember like
sorry go for it go for it
um i remember coming on twitch and like
the first time that i started watching
it was never something that i could see
like myself
doing right and then i saw another like
black girl streaming and it was like oh
okay this is there are black people on
the platform like i could do this you
know i feel seen i feel hurt i feel
represented um and so
i
like the idea of me being able to do
what she did for me for other people
um
and yeah of course i'm always going to
want more representation
of of like black women in gaming and
black women black women and twitch
but i'm happy to be you know a start of
it or and a part of it
why do you want more representation of
black women and in gaming and twitch
because growing up like obviously i've
always been into games um i've always
read comic books i've always gamed and
then i felt like
there wasn't space for me in the
community
um and when i came on twitch and then
saw nobody that looked like me it made
me feel like there was even less space
and i'm like wow is there
you know could i stream on this platform
would i be able to make fred you know
whatever um and then when i found that
there is like a community of of black
people on twitch definitely feels more
like
would be accepted you can be a part of
this and like just despite your race
because
growing up the way that i did and i have
like you
kind of a count race into a lot of
things you know
how do you
um
uh
i guess a lot of the time i'm like
seeking out
people who look like me like i'm seeking
out representation like i want to see
black movies uh you know black
blockbuster movies like selling out
whatever those kind of things and so i
just kind of move
through life in that way so i come on
twitch and i'm like yeah i'm excited to
watch video games but then on my like
third day on the platform i go
but where can i find the black streamers
like where where are the black streamers
on here winning which is like what i
really want to see
so can you help me understand like when
you see
you know let's say like
black representation being successful
like let's say like a like you said like
a you know box office or like a you know
a black streamer with let's say 50 000
views or whatever how does that make you
feel to see those things
it makes me feel great like hi so help
me understand that
i
understand the setbacks
um
that
these people have
gone through right and i understand that
they probably felt the same way as me
where they feel like
uh pigeonholed or feel like the space
isn't for them
and then they're able to come on and
transcend that so like i know they had
to work really hard and they've probably
been through it and like
i mean the amount of racist comments
that i get in my chat i can't imagine if
you have 50 000 viewers how much how
much of that you're getting you know um
and so i just recognize how hard it it
can be and so it feels very like i feel
very triumphant for them like their win
is also my win because like i get to see
this
you know black creator succeed
so i'm almost noticing like some degree
of like identification
with this person like there's there's
like like i'm getting a strong sense of
us
yeah absolutely and so their win is is
my win
i'm also kind of curious can you tell us
a little bit like have you been
pigeonholed like you've mentioned a
couple of microaggression kind of
comments
right like you don't sound like a black
girl and you're ready for a black girl
have there particular been particular
times where you feel like you've been
kind of
you know pushed or forced to behave a
particular way based on the color of
your skin
um
i definitely think
pushed yes i wouldn't say
force necessarily because i don't think
i've ever really like
conformed to those
ideas that are pushed upon me except for
when i was younger because i was trying
so hard to fit in you know but like
yeah
now i'm like
you know you can think this way about me
but that doesn't mean that i have to act
that way um
but i definitely think
yeah like in high school i was like i
was you know i did sports that's what i
was like supposed to do i didn't talk
about gaming or my interest in it like i
would go home and play video games and
not tell anyone or like read comments
and not tell anyone that kind of thing
because it didn't feel like it was the
space that was available for me um so
and those points yes i definitely felt
pigeon holed
that's so interesting that you were like
publicly into sports and privately into
gaming
yeah yeah
yeah and and were there particular
experiences in in middle school or high
school that made you feel like
fitting in was super important or you
know times where you kind of like had to
learn that harsh lesson of like you need
to maybe talk differently or
straighten your hair or things like that
um
i think like
sorry can you repeat the question yeah
so sorry it was a weird abstract
question so let me ask a better one um
so you said that you used to hate the
way that you look
yeah so help me understand how you
learned to hate the way you look um
i think i just learned it through
like the fact that i was different like
always seeing people who look different
than me and like that's the beauty
standard so the girls who are considered
the prettiest in school looked
absolutely nothing like me so if i'm
constantly being told like
so and so
is is beautiful and like that's you know
everybody is you know interested in this
girl or i think she's the prettiest and
then i'm like well my hair doesn't look
like her my nose doesn't look like her
my lips don't my skin doesn't then it's
like
you just learn to not like the way that
you look when you're the opposite of the
beauty standard um
but then yeah also through the
microaggressions that definitely like
helps with that for sure um and then on
top of that not only am i like getting
it in my school but i'm getting it in
media too like the prettiest celebrities
or the people who are you know
pop stars or whatever um it can just be
yeah hard to see
to look around and not see anybody that
looks like you
yeah so that that's
so what i'm hearing is that it's not so
much
like you were made fun of or anything
like that like you weren't like bullied
because you were a black girl it was
more like you know
there's like clearly like everyone kind
of agrees
on what's good like who has the
prettiest hair
top three all of them have straight hair
who's the prettiest girl in the class
all of the girls are white
you know when you watch a movie
the heroine is usually a white girl
yeah
and and um
and even then i mean i'm kind of like
noticing in media that you know you'll
have people who go
like you'll have like a movie that's
designed for a black audience which will
have a black heroine but you won't have
like a black heroine in like a regular
movie right like even there's like
separation there
where there's like the regular they're
the movies for everyone
and then they're like the movies for the
other people and you all get to be the
prettiest over here
yes but you're not going to be the
exactly that's another form of like that
pigeonhole feeling like i'm supposed to
watch those black movies to feel good
and like there's this whole like i love
that there is obviously this like black
genre for us by us for us to watch you
know um but at the same time it does
like have that effect on you it's like
well you're only allowed space separate
from what's mainstream
yeah
you get to be the prettiest in the
special category yes
exactly yeah so you know i said i i
really um
really appreciate your characterization
because i i think that
when i think about racism what i i just
realized and connect this until now but
when i think about racism the way that i
define it is by these things that are
upvoted on reddit
right like they're like very overt
racism
it's like things on like you know with
people freaking out and like you know
i'm walking down the street and someone
starts calling me the n-word or whatever
like people like everyone's got cell
phones so you tape it gets uploaded to
the internet gets passed around every
looks like oh like look at how bad
racism is but what i'm i'm kind of
really appreciating from hearing you is
that
it is systemic right it's not like it's
not like overt
i mean there's that too
yeah but that that you know there are
young girls or boys
um who are growing up
in these particular scenarios where like
the the rules of the game are set in a
particular way that like kind of creates
an experience for you
you know
um and and so how did you start to
not hate yourself
or hate the way you look i should say
yeah
i don't
know when i really
started i would say
maybe like after high school
um after high school i went to college
um i
joined the black student union um albeit
my college was still mostly white um but
i definitely had the opportunity to
surround myself and i made the choice to
surround myself with other
black people and
i finally felt like i found a community
in that
and i saw the way that other people in
that community had similar experiences
to me but then other people in that
community had didn't have that at all
they like grew up in areas where they
were always surrounded by black people
and they're just like yeah i love myself
and i love my skin and i see that and
i'm like wow i want that so badly like
i'm tired of hating myself i've done it
for 18 years like it's time to move on
um
and
yeah i just kind of made a point of
like faking it until i make made it you
know and then i it was a really long
journey and i would say i'm 24 now it
probably
i didn't really like love love myself
until it was i was like 22
almost 23 probably so the last year has
been awesome but
you know fine finding that was
definitely hard
yeah that's so interesting so what i'm
almost hearing is that you know when you
join the black student unit i may be
simplifying this a bit but like everyone
there is like proud to be black and you
had all these like feelings of being
ashamed to be black but they're all
proud to be black so you're going to
pretend to proud to be proud to be black
yeah and then internally maybe there was
some degree of conflict and then i like
faking it till you make it then at some
point you're like oh actually like i
can't take pride in this that sounds
really great
yeah um
i think it highlights for me the
importance or also how long it takes
if you've grown up believing something
you know how long it takes to start
changing the way that you think
and how powerful of an influence you may
need to kind of
you know
feel that way
um i'm also super curious about how many
people now in like black student unions
are secretly still partially ashamed of
the way that they look or the way they
feel
and and you know it's kind of
interesting because it sounds like it's
not a place that really voices those
kinds of experiences because we're all
proud
you know strong independent black woman
yeah i wonder
i'm trying to think did i ever feel like
i couldn't i guess i put that on
myself to feel like i couldn't share
that i'm sure everyone i could have
yeah i think we definitely could have
had the conversation but because i felt
so much shame now for instead of being a
black person now i feel shame for being
a black person who's not proud to be a
black person and so like ah i don't want
to voice this either
i think i probably did that to myself
yeah it's kind of interesting i also
think it's it's fascinating that when
people talk about you know positive
black women that they define them with
the same three words every single time
yes
what do you think about that
um it just creates another box
uh it creates an expectation
uh
it puts me in a position where now i
feel like if i
don't hit those expectations those three
words then it's like well
am i the
right black am i am i the right black
woman um and so it feels hard to do but
i think one of the things that i want to
like a mold that i want to break is that
black women are also sensitive
and you know you know all these other
things that they're are opposite of the
words that they're given to work with
yeah so i'm kind of curious said who
makes that box
i don't know
um
first thought is like media
you know and and the there's like a
i think it's i don't know what old trend
it is or if it was a video or what it
was but it was like i'm a strong
independent black woman and blah blah
and it just kind of like
stuck
you know or like the the
aggressive or angry black woman has just
like stuck in media and it's like
constantly represented that way it feels
like
um
and
so i i'm sure it's not just media but
off the top of the head
off the top of my head that's what i'm
getting
yeah so i can kind of see how media
would propagate it like what i'm
noticing actually is that um and you
know let me know if this this is
offensive in any way but like what i'm
noticing is actually like i think that
the black student union put you in a box
too
right that like pride is what we have to
feel
and i can understand why why they would
feel that way because like you have to
fight really hard for that pride
yeah
but it's it's kind of interesting
because i i sort of notice and i know
this is like shaky ground but like a
parallel in terms of you not feeling
comfortable sharing your shame in that
situation because it wasn't like what
was socially acceptable like what do you
think
yeah that's why i definitely think it
was like i have
two opposite shames but both are bad i
guess i kind of viewed one as equally
worse because it dug me out of this like
really deep hole you know yeah but
essentially it's it's the same thing
yeah which is fascinating there's so
much about you that's very yin-yang
in terms of
you know yes
not to capture the color of the imagery
but like really that's the term that i
think of it's not because you're half
black and half white it's because you're
consistent
you know it's just very fitting though
yeah
is that is that a microaggression or is
that fair
no i think that's fair okay
you gotta let me know if i micro
aggressive
i think that's fair a joke i would have
made for sure okay
um
yeah so that that's so sid i'm really
noticing that like
oh man let me just think for a second
cause i'm feeling something i just don't
know what it is
um
yeah so i guess the main thing that i'm
kind of noticing that has changed for
you is that you felt uncomfortable with
who you were
and then as you started to move in a
direction towards like being more
accepting of your black half for lack of
a better term even then like
there are certain norms that are put on
like actually
norms or boxes that i think
you know black people put on other black
people that you have to be a particular
way
um and and that you know i think it
comes down to kind of the strong
independent black woman which i i just i
always think it's so interesting that i
just hear all three of those words and
it's like you can't be
you know degenerate gamer independent
black woman yes yeah you know like but
what
and and what i i'm not surprised that
you left nursing school or not sorry
left nursing as a career because and
this is i think what i was kind of
hitting on is that you kind of said that
in the last year you've learned to love
yourself and i don't think it's
coincidental that you being able to love
yourself and stepping away from maybe
the path that the world has laid out for
you and jumping towards a path that is
actually like not easy right like you're
on an uphill battle there where you know
when i i mean occasionally i'll get the
racist comment when i stream
but you know it's not most of what i
deal with thankfully whereas like you're
choosing to fight this somewhat uphill
battle
and like help me understand i mean is
that fair to say that loving yourself
and deciding to go full time on twitch
like has some connection
yeah definitely i think it's because you
know in loving myself i've found this
confidence that no matter what i do like
i'm gonna do it well and
i like truly believe in myself to
make it work and if it doesn't work i
know i can pivot like that kind of thing
and that's i think a chance that i
wouldn't have taken
if i was still hating myself i wouldn't
have believed myself i wouldn't have
believed that i could have done it
so i'm yeah that's so interesting so
like
how did you learn that
i know i'm trying to find a better
answer for that no no no that's what
we're here for right because i think
here's the thing sid what we see for you
is somewhat of the finished product like
you told us a little bit about where you
started a little bit in the middle but i
think when it comes to people who
gravitate towards twitch
i think it's like people who
[Music]
you know there's a part of all of us
that like is happy to be
part of twitch
but then we're also like ashamed because
we're not like the other people
yeah and
i think it would be so curious to try to
learn
a little bit about how that confidence
came about and like where it came from
um
i think it helped because my parents
were always really supportive of
everything that i did they always
believed in me wholeheartedly um so that
helped a lot if you're just like
constantly being told which i know not
everybody experiences that especially
from their parents so that's like one
portion um
another is that i kept seeing things
work out for me like i knew i had the
work ethic to do it you know i just have
the motivation to like get things done
and i had the work ethic and like those
kind of things like i succeeded in like
school and like anything that i put
myself to i did well so
once you've seen it go well enough times
you kind of go okay this isn't just like
a random one-off like i'm making this
happen like i feel like i felt a lot of
autonomy and the things that happened
around me so it wasn't
you know any outside forces that made me
successful it was me that made me
successful
um
and
i
guess
i just found confidence or i found
comfort in knowing that everybody else
around me has their own stuff going on
like everyone else is worried about
you know
their meeting today or they're also
feeling insecure or whatever else as
soon as i could look around and be like
oh yeah all these people around me are
human beings too and they're all they
all have their own struggles it made me
go okay my struggles are okay because
everyone's going through it essentially
i guess that helps too
oh that's that's a beautiful answer so
there are a couple pieces of that that i
think are quite illustrative
um
not that i'm like the ultimate judge on
this but one is that i i think it's
really interesting when you mention
autonomy
that's not usually something that i hear
when i ask people where their confidence
came from
but it's such an interesting way to
think about it because i think
people who lack confidence i think
ultimately believe that the world is
going to determine what happens to them
yeah right it's sort of like i don't
have the power to change what the world
is going to give me
whereas people who are confident
acknowledge that the world kind of like
you said because at the beginning you're
like if i put my mind anything i'll
succeed and i'm like i don't know if
that's true but then you kind of qualify
that in a second and you said if i fail
i'll pivot
yeah and i think that's the key thing
about autonomy that even if you do kind
of stumble
even if you do have a setback that you
actually have agency and that you can
affect your future
um
so that's interesting because when i
when i talk to people who aren't
confident i don't hear that
you know i hear people
feeling kind of like fatalistic and like
that they don't really have a choice and
it's not in their control or that
nothing is in their control or there is
not enough in their control
yeah and the second thing is that i
think a lot of people who are not
confident compare their insides to other
people's outsides
so they compare the way that they feel
to what they see other people doing yeah
and my my favorite example of this is
like class presentations everyone is
nervous no one looks yeah
yes
but i'm really i think it's really
interesting to see that you sort of
realize that like
you know we're all struggling here yes
and it's okay to struggle
um
which is cool
can i ask you a question that may be
like a little bit
i feel like we're there's a
positive vibing right look we're talking
yeah oh my god like oh like you're
so brave like
you've grown it's just struggling to pin
a black woman
breaking barriers on twitter like it's
all that's true right it's like
i'm with you and i i genuinely feel that
excitement and pride but i want to ask
you something that i just really
struggle with as a medical professional
and as someone and i'm going to lean on
you for expertise here okay okay can i
do that could we do that or you want to
say yes
we do not need to stay safe here it's
okay so this is something i really
struggle with so like i know there are
people who get discriminated against i
know we have beauty standards i accept
all of that you know i faced a fair
amount of racism myself
um
interestingly enough i also have like
positive racism which is kind of weird
like i get stereotyped like i remember
when i was in med school i would have um
female black colleagues who when we were
all doctors they people would refer to
them as nurses and when i was like a
first-year medical student in my suit
and tie everyone thought i was a doctor
because i was indian yeah yeah and
that's
you know so like i even have the
benefits in some ways of of you know
being brown um but what i'm really what
i really struggle with as a medical
professional is like fat acceptance
like what do you think about that like
can you help me understand how you view
sort of like the fat shaming fat
acceptance movement
yeah i guess um it's
interesting for me because i don't
necessarily have direct experience right
so i can empathize sympathize try my
best to understand what you know people
who have experienced fat shaming have
gone through but i myself haven't
because i have the privilege opposite of
that
um
so for me in terms of like
the movement i guess i'm always going to
support people who are like
healthy and
feel good about themselves right so like
if you're someone who has been
discriminated against your entire life
because of your body but you feel
healthy in yourself and you're happy
with the way that you look and like
you've like worked so hard to accept
yourself i'm gonna be appreciative of
your acceptance and like i'm proud of
you for that of course and then if you
are in a different direction and you're
like i want to
lose weight like people in my family
have struggled with this so i've like
seen kind of firsthand the struggle but
i've never experienced so it's kind of
hard to say but like in watching my
family go through like the weight loss
acceptance you know that kind of thing
it's like
you can
try so hard and it can be one of those
uphill battles all the time to lose
weight and then eventually you can get
to a point where it's like i'm happy
with where i'm at then i'm like proud of
that too i guess my thing i'm like
really dancing around an answer because
it's so hard to say when you don't
really know but i just want to be
supportive
i guess of like whatever journey it is
if it's a self-acceptance journey i'm
supportive of that if it's a weight loss
journey i'm supportive of that
so i don't answer your question yeah you
did um was it okay that i asked it or is
that like too much of a
you know
no i think it's fine i mean like my goal
coming on here today was to be super
open and candid so i don't
i mean i'm happy to talk about whatever
yeah so i i really thank you so much for
engaging in the conversation because i i
think it's like um
just as someone who's faced a lot of
discrimination and as you can we're kind
of talking about like i can understand a
lot of aspects of you know that
perspective
yeah um you know in terms of having a
particular beauty standard right so like
when you think about a beauty standard
like
it's not equal in terms of body types
and there's actually like you know
there's research from that started 100
years ago that human beings basically
have three body types and that all three
are like normal variants within the
population there's an ectomorph
mesomorph and endomorph
and and endomorph is what we call big
boned
um
uh ectomorph is what we call like you
know people who have a fast metabolism
they can like eat whatever they want to
and they kind of won't gain weight and
then mesomorph it tends to be what most
of our male actors are
in terms of their like you know muscular
don't have too much fat but aren't too
skinny
so there's definitely like standards
within these three biological body types
that is not equal
i can kind of get behind that i think
what i'm really curious about is when
you say like healthy
like you say that you know you can
support anyone in their journey which is
what i try to do
yeah so i try to just you know meet
people where they're at and support them
in in terms of like self acceptance and
stuff but i'm curious like what when you
use the word you know
healthy what does that mean to you when
it comes to fat shaming or fat
acceptance
um
so i used to work at an eating disorder
clinic actually when i was in nursing
school and i got to see a lot of people
who were
mentally unhealthy because of the things
that they had experienced right so like
a lot of these eating disorders were
like a product of
their environment and like you're you
know like being told this your entire
life or you're in sports or whatever and
this this this that about your weight
and like that's really really mentally
unhealthy which obviously affects your
physical self um and so
to me i'm like if you are working
towards being mentally and physically
healthy like
that's what's important like if you
if accepting your weight and feeling
comfortable where you are
improves your mental health it's you
know they kind of like go hand in hand
and so for me it's like
that
that is health like you you feel good
about your weight you're accepting of it
like you're managing it that kind of
thing and when i say managing i just
mean like
you're you're you've like
hmm
i'm i don't want to say
that in order to be
healthy
you have to like
eat less or work out more but like you
know you're just like eating well you're
feeding your body what it needs
i guess and so that might be more for
one person than it is for the other
person and that's still healthy for them
because that's
the that's what they need
does that make sense yeah i i'm getting
this one
sorry no it's okay like i i like this is
why i was honestly asking for permission
because i recognize i could i may have
just dropped you off in my mine field
said
well it's not necessarily that it's just
i'm not well versed on this at all you
know like in terms of like my
my
um
time at the eating disorder clinic is
like i'm on the opposite side of the
spectrum so when it comes to you know
being overweight i
have only seen it in like my family and
so yeah definitely i am trying to be
careful because i don't want any of my
ideas to be misconstrued and ultimately
for me it's just about
is the individual happy with where they
are do they feel mentally healthy and do
they feel good about their body if so
awesome if not i would be happy to like
help support someone to get there
so let me let me um
make sure i understand you because i
want to acknowledge this too so here we
are two people who have body types that
generally speaking are more acceptable
in society that that conform generally
speaking to you know a beauty standard
that society has and we're commenting
about the experience of people that
we're not it's like you know two old
white men talking about what it's like
to be a young black woman right so let's
just acknowledge that and i appreciate
that acknowledgement part of the reason
that i actually asked you is because
is because actually we're both separate
from it so i'm really curious because
you have lived through i think some of
the things that are similar
to what these people face
and so that's why i was kind of curious
about because i'm never gonna just like
you said i'm never gonna maybe i will
but you know i've already grown up being
an ectomorphic body type so like
throughout high school and stuff i was
like super skinny now i have like a
solid dad bod which is like you know
that's just where i am now but um
you know it and maybe there's some
amount of acceptance there and an
appreciation that i've got a dad bought
but
you know like i i i really appreciate
your carefulness and and your um
stating very clearly that you don't know
what it's like to live that live in that
person's shoes
and that's actually why i really also
appreciate what you said which is sort
of like it's not about kind of an
objective right or wrong it's about
supporting someone in their journey and
kind of trying to help them get to the
goals where they're where they want to
go right and which i'm with 100
and this is something that much like you
i've worked with eating disordered
patients
and and the challenge there though is
that i noticed you kind of said like
mental health and you said like
acceptance
but i'm a little bit curious and you
kind of will tiptoe out and so i'm going
to pin you down a little bit with all
those cabinets okay so you kind of said
like you know if they're eating food
that
is what their body needs and to
recognize that different people have
different caloric requirements and
things like that i think like you know
uh professional like olympic swimmers
will eat like 9 000 calories a day or
something ridiculous because that's just
what your body needs
but what about for people who aren't
eating food that's physically healthy
in terms of like junk food
sure
or excessive calories
um yeah i mean
i can't be one to say like you should or
shouldn't do that right it's not my job
i'm not their doctor um or their
nutritionist or whatever uh
but as like i guess if it were my friend
who was eating in an unhealthy manner uh
i definitely think it kind of depends on
what relationship i have with that
person but of course like if
i could be there to help if they want to
have a more healthy lifestyle then i'm
like happy to be there supporting that
kind of thing but i also know that it's
really hard to like
force someone to do something that they
don't want to do you know and i'm not
going to try and be like oh well you
should eat less or you should eat
healthier you should come to the gym
with me or like those kind of things you
know because
uh unless they've explicitly asked for
that kind of support i'm not going to
force that on them
yeah i think that makes a lot of sense i
i really
am grateful that you're talking about
this because i think it's helped me
navigate how i'm going to work with some
people that i you know have
in a clinical capacity
so here's the kind of key takeaway that
i have which makes so much sense
because i think with eating disorders
you know we sort of have an objective
right that we're shooting towards as
medical professionals that is um
kind of independent of their particular
views and that's why i get really kind
of confused about um how to handle fat
shaming versus fat acceptance because i
can acknowledge a lot that you know
there are unfair beauty standards and
things like that so i'm with i'm there
uh
and at the same time you know one of the
most devastating things you could
i could say in this kind of situation is
that
fat acceptance and fat shaming
it can be correlated with an eating
disorder right so to say take this
journey of acceptance and pathologize
and say you're sick
yeah and at the same time i think after
talking to you i now understand that i
think it's kind of irrelevant that
really the goal is to accept because
this is what i do with people who do
have eating disorders is you know you
accept them for who they are
and then you kind of see what they're
what they're willing to do what they're
interested in doing you you kind of as a
trader i try to align my goals i don't
determine goals for my patients i align
my goals based on what they want
and kind of accept them for who they are
and where they are and then
you know offer an opinion maybe but like
not to say that that's
you know i mean it is kind of
objectively right in some situations
like sometimes when i'm working with
like hospitalized people who like you
know yeah late stages of starvation and
stuff but
um but even then usually in those cases
the more that i can accept where they
are and what their goals are the more
effective treatment is
absolutely i think like patients feel
really supported too when that's when
that's done
yeah accepting and listening of
what they want
and and i know it sounds kind of weird
but sometimes what the conversation
turns into is like
there are medical consequences to your
decision but you are actually allowed to
make those medical consequences
right it's your choice and if this is
the life that you want to live whether
it's an alcoholic who's got you know
fatty liver disease
or a smoker who's you know well on their
way to emphysema people get to make
choices and they get to make choices
that can damage their body and if that's
the life that they want to live and now
i recognize i'm doing it again because
suddenly i'm lumping in fat shaming and
fat acceptance with like smoking and
things like that that's something i try
to avoid
um
but i i do think that eating fast food
let's say you know which is something
i'm guilty of from time to time
but thank you so much for kind of taking
that tangent
yeah of course helping i feel like i
understand it a lot better
um
yeah cool so do you want to talk about
imposter syndrome or any questions or
what do you want to talk about
um i don't know i'm pretty open to
anything i have like seen you chat about
imposter syndrome before so if you're
like totally sick of it we could talk
about something else too but it's you
know i think kills a lot of streamers so
yeah so tell me about imposter syndrome
why do you think that you have imposter
syndrome
um i think part of it is like i
never expected myself to be here and
i kind of like always thought i was
gonna be doing something in the medical
field or science you know and then to
kind of like switch it so quickly it's
never too hard
yeah well
it is never too late and that's you know
that's part of my pivot that i was
talking about earlier is like i have
you know i'm here and i'm doing this but
if it ever comes to it i'll just you
know pivot to nursing and whatever um
but
yeah i just always thought one thing for
myself and then to switch and have
another that i
you're kind of like given this idea that
you need to dream about whatever it is
you're gonna do and you're gonna need to
work so hard in school like most of your
life to get where you will be as an
adult right but like i didn't spend
10 years streaming and like building
this craft or whatever it is
um and so to be where i am now kind of
feels like well i didn't work that you
know i didn't work that hard where i
obviously i did you have to work hard to
like
stream for the most part
um what do you deserve
well
i feel like i don't deserve most of the
things that i have but
i think that other people
like my friends and my family would look
at me and say that i deserve it which is
why i try and like reframe my my brain
to think so but
it's just
hard to feel deserving of the life that
i get to live now like that i get to
wake up and do something that i love
every day
and be a part of such a cool community
and like those kind of things it doesn't
necessarily feel like i
like i get really awesome opportunities
and when they're brought to me i'm like
why are you talking why is this for me
like why are you bringing this to me or
what did i do you know
okay which whenever i say it obviously
like sounds really silly but it's just a
like one of those things in the back of
your head that you have to like work
through all the time why does it sound
silly
i don't know i guess like when i when i
say it
to my to friends or people around me
they're always like well you can't
you know you can't say that about
yourself or you are deserving of what
you've done like you've worked really
hard and so if people are constantly
telling you the opposite then you feel
really silly for thinking those things
or i feel really silly
yeah so let me ask you when
you know are your friends accepting you
in that moment
yeah i definitely think so um i would
disagree
i think i think they're i don't think
they're trying to tell me that i'm being
silly i think that they're trying to
um combat those
negative feelings that i have
yeah so are they accepting you
or are they combating you
okay fair enough fair enough
you're interested right
yeah i guess i guess that's the way that
i deal with it too when my friends come
to me so then i'm like oh well i'm doing
it wrong too because to me if a friend
comes in like oh i don't think i deserve
this opportunity i'm like well no of
course you do like you worked so hard
for this and like blah blah and that's
always felt like the right thing
yeah so
now this is great because we're back
back in the black student union
yeah right
yeah oh of course like everyone deserves
it man like oh we work so hard like
you're strong and you're independent and
you've worked so hard you absolutely
deserve it
well you're crazy for thinking that you
don't deserve it
yeah
now hold on a second
because you've done this before this is
your strategy sid
you fake it till you make it
you're gonna have this internal struggle
where a bunch of people are gonna tell
you you deserve to be proud and
eventually they'll convince you and
eventually you'll understand it for
yourself and all that kind of good stuff
like i think it's good i think it's
normal right they're trying to be
supportive they care about you yeah i
don't think they have negative
intentions
yeah and at the same time i don't think
they're accepting you and it's kind of
weird
because like
and this is where i i'd kind of ask like
do people get what they deserve
sometimes i'm sure other times i'm sure
not
and so it's kind of interesting because
if if people if you're saying you know
if the structure of your imposter
syndrome is i don't deserve this there
are two things
one is you can convince yourself that
you deserve it
or
you can say so what
why do you need to deserve it like why
can't you just
like i don't deserve i honestly said
just between me and you i don't deserve
90 of what i've got
like i really don't and i don't think i
say that out of like shame i think it's
just true
like my kids are amazing
like i have not done
that much good in the universe to
deserve having my kids in fact i don't
even deserve the professional
success that i have to be honest i
up royally like most people
up really royally until the age of 26
and 27 and they don't get to wind up
where i am
i don't think i actually deserve it i
think i'm lucky
what do you think about that
i have questions good um
one i'm curious if
like does that feel like you're
discrediting yourself
no i forget the things that you've done
no i think it's actually accurately
crediting myself
so i think that the credit that i
deserve is the effort that i put in
it's not the outcome it's not the
success
what i get credit for is applying to
medical school three times in a row and
not giving up
but the third time if i didn't get in i
mean i didn't get in the first two times
so like i don't think i deserved to get
in the third time does that make sense
kind of yeah
so you're
yeah i had another question but now i
can't really remember it so
so i know it's kind of a weird way of
thinking because it's clear to me you've
done a lot and i think your strategy
will work people will eventually
convince you that you deserve it
yeah if you keep getting brainwashed
it'll happen
and then you'll have it
worked once it'll work again
and at the same time i know it sounds
kind of weird but like
you know if you get something that you
deserve i know it's weird but it's like
in a weird way it's hard to feel
grateful for it
and if we think about where resentment
comes from it's not getting what you
deserve
you know so i would say oddly enough
like you can we can try to convince you
like oh like sid you're strong you're a
strong black woman like you deserve it
like the world has denied it to you
you've worked so hard and like you
absolutely deserve your success like i'm
totally fine with that line of reasoning
i really am
i think what you
but i i think even if you don't deserve
what you have like you can still be
grateful for it and be like i lucked out
that's a pass for me
i'm going to try to help other people
and like there there are people people
who have been you know transformative in
my life and like people who inspired me
to become a twitch street streamer i
actually don't deserve the success i
have on twitch but i'll take it i'll be
grateful for it and i'll
try to make the world a better place
with the platform that i have
what do you think about i think
i think that particular reasoning is so
hard for me to kind of break what i've
told myself my entire life in terms of
like autonomy
you know how we spoke about it earlier
it's like very much like well i if i
want to get somewhere i have the power
to do that you know so then the whole
like luck thing is really hard
to
fit into this idea that i've always had
you know and i'm not saying that i'm
opposed to it i'm absolutely not opposed
to it all super open-minded those type
of things it's just more like um
i'm going against the grain in thinking
that way or it's a little bit harder for
me to think that way which i'm willing
to do love it love it so here's what i
love so much about your response so
generally speaking
if we think about growth
growth is actually stepping away from
the things that we used to believe
right so like it's kind of i mean i i'm
sure that sort of makes sense but a lot
of times like growth is is people and
this is kind of what we
you know what i've seen in people who
are successful is that what gets them to
their point of success becomes
maladaptive at some point
and that is as people continue to like
grow and become more successful they
have to let go of the things that got
them there which is terrifying so one of
my supervisors once told me that growing
up is literally giving up what used to
work
so i'm with you that at some point you
had to sort of discover that confidence
comes from autonomy
but i think actually we can squeeze in
if we don't want to talk about luck but
like you know i think there's some
philosophy here but i think the key
thing here is i think what you can what
you have autonomy in is your choices not
the outcomes what do you think about
that
i agree i feel like my
choices
like dictate the outcomes you know like
it's like a causal relationship which is
not necessarily
true sometimes i can work so hard and
nothing will come of it or i can work
really hard and something will come of
it you know there's it really can go
other ways it's just easier for me to
think that like if i work really hard
then it's gonna be really great you know
there you go
that's the problem and you've just
figured it out yeah your mind chooses
the easy route because otherwise the
world is a terrifying place
yes
yeah right the idea that it's out of my
control really is terrifying
yeah
but
let me explain something to you said
you know i'm not that i don't really
understand this stuff maybe you can go
ask an actually successful twitch
streamer
but i would argue that you actually
can't control who shows up when you
stream
and if we're saying success means like
how many people are watching you can't
control that all you can control is like
clicking the go live button
what you're wearing you can control what
you play you can control what you say
you can control the attitude that you
bring you can control but you can't
control who shows up
yeah and it's absolutely a terrifying
way to think about life because what i'm
asking you to do is actually
not surrender your autonomy technically
because you still have choice but you
don't you get to you know if you're
crushing on someone and you ask them out
that you get to control
whether they say yes or not you don't
deserve
and if you understand half the
resentment of the internet it's crushing
on someone and
you know not getting the answer that
they want to that they want right yeah
so i'm i'm with you i'm i'm happy to
hear that you're saying you know i don't
quite accept that like i'm not ready
like i'm open to it but i'm not which is
great i don't think you should accept it
i think you should think about it
yeah no i definitely think i i am
thinking about it i guess um
one of my things and like i hate to use
the term but i would definitely consider
myself a control freak and so i work
really hard like those say that
situation where it's like i'm crushing
on someone i would not
say anything until i knew that the
answer was like 99 gonna be yes and if i
knew it was 99 gonna be no i wouldn't
say anything so i like put myself in
positions where the risk is really low
and i've like pretty much always lived
my life that way until it came to
jumping into streaming that's like the
riskiest
choice i've ever made for sure and it
feels like the only one
and how did that what was your
experience of jumping into streaming
it worked out fantastically
um
i
obviously there's like lots of you know
downsides to streaming and whatever else
but like
i'm the happiest i've ever been so i
took a risk and it really worked out but
it could have failed
it could have
it's still but then why would you do
that
i guess because i was
i don't know if i was confident i guess
it was just like no matter what i'm
gonna be okay even if it fails i know i
can do something else but what i've
prepared myself
well i don't know it it went out the
window for that one decision for that
one singular decision i just
left it up to chance and
what do you think about using that
strategy again was that just a one-off
or you think maybe sounds terrifying
that sounds terrible
i don't want to do it again it happened
this one time there's no way it happens
twice
ah you lucked out
i might have i might have
right so
because you you certainly didn't deserve
it
right it doesn't feel like it no to my
standards it doesn't feel like it and i
i would i know some kind of sound kind
of weird right
i agree with you
you don't deserve it
i don't think you deserve success on
twitch
i think what you're entitled to is what
you choose to do
so i don't applaud the if you want me to
cheer for you you want me to say you go
girl i'm not going to say it because
you're successful on twitch i'll say it
because you decided to step away from
from nursing and hit the go go live
button for that i'm 100 in your corner
whether people show up or not is like
that's not up to you
yeah and so what i judge you for what i
value you for what i respect you for
is not your success it's for your
choices
what do you think about that
i think it feels good because so much of
the way that we are taught to value
people in this society is based off of
success so to be valued
off of something else feels good as
counter-intuitive as it may seem like oh
you told me that i don't deserve this
you know i'm sure chad d colin what the
heck whatever you know but
ultimately like
you're saying that
you're proud of me for doing something
outside of my comfort zone for taking
that risk whatever it is rather than
like
proud of the success which feels good
because i had autonomy in the choices
that i made but no autonomy and a
success
yeah
and so then now we have to talk about
the fun stuff which is like
so you don't have to answer this if you
don't want to but you know since you
mentioned that you're not going to ask
someone out until you're 99 sure they're
going to say yes
you know are you in a relationship right
now do you feel comfortable answering
that
um i'm not i'm seeing someone yes okay
so like is it okay if we talk a little
bit about and you can say no i can see
you
so maybe we should i should
i just haven't told my chat so if my
chat's in here and they're like
so that's all no i'm not so concerned
about the details of your personal life
what i think it's a really good um
what i what i think is useful is that
rigging the odds in your favor
because when it comes to romantic
interactions boy do we do that
and what i want to have a conversation
about is like not so much the details of
what's going on but like what was in
your head in that process
of like approaching in early phases how
did you try to stack the deck
why does the deck need to be stacked why
do you have to wait until 99 percent to
like shoot your shot
because i'm a terrified projection
okay
what does that mean
that means that like literally worst
case scenario this person is not as
interested in me as i am in them or
whatever else and
that would put me in shambles so
how does that put you in shambles
i don't know because i just don't
um
i know not to take it personally right
like it's probably don't
well
i don't know how to explain it like it
doesn't feel good no one likes to be
rejected right it doesn't feel good to
be rejected so i don't want to be
rejected there you go but don't feed me
that line of that you were
going down a second ago
well what the thing that me and my i
like try and tell myself is like if
someone rejects me
it's not a me thing it's because it's
like wrong time or like whatever else
you know unless someone is like
explicitly like i don't want to date you
because xyz then obviously i'm like okay
this is a me thing and whatever but in a
way to cope with rejection oh
hold on
so if someone says it's a you thing how
would you feel
i would be like damn that really sucks
uh now i need to take a look at like why
xyz is so bad or i didn't know xyz so
let's fix xyz if i think it needs to be
fixed if it's someone like i don't like
the way you organize your shoes like
whatever like okay whatever but if it's
a really valid reason that someone
doesn't like me then
just just think about what you said
because that's brilliant
right so you're saying like if i get the
fear of getting rejected i'm going to
assume it's going to feel personal but
if someone actually told you no and it's
because of something personal your
response to that is crushing it
dude
it's like i'm going to do some self i'm
going to do some introspection i'm going
to see like is this something i actually
want to change you're not actually going
to wind up in shambles if someone
personally rejects you
yeah i guess it would still suck though
like it would feel really bad
i'm with you that it'll feel bad but i
also want to point out that if someone
actually rejected you as a person
i think you're going to handle it
bizarrely well
yeah i would explore those feelings like
why
is it something that's valid do i agree
should i be working on this
whatever else yeah which which doesn't
sound like shambles to me
now i'm not doubting that you'll wind up
in shambles we'll get there in a second
and we'll wind up in shambles but but
let's just understand that if the
scenario that you are so afraid of
actually does happen i think you'll
actually handle it pretty well
yeah i'd be all right but if you get
rejected you'll you'll wind up in
shambles and we'll get to that that'll
just do with self-confidence and
imposter syndrome and all that crap
okay we'll get there a second but can we
acknowledge for a second that instead of
feeding me the line of bs which is like
oh like don't take it personally no
you'd like if if you did take it
personally if someone said this is a you
thing
you would actually introspect you'd
pivot it's actually what makes you
awesome right you'd like come out of
that kind of badass because you're
someone who takes feedback and works on
yourself and you try to like be a good
person and all that
you know so that's good so if someone
you know with a particular person like
what is the thought of someone saying no
like what is that how does that make you
feel
um
i mean yeah i guess i
would take it personally uh because
yeah it's probably a me thing
but i i that's also expecting someone to
tell me like a lot of people just say
random right like i
i am expecting that person to be like
yeah this isn't gonna work out because
blank you know where as i feel like a
lot of the time people are like this
isn't going to work out and then i'm
sitting there like well why is it going
to work out what did i do and it's like
this really deep dark ugly hole that i
don't want to go down okay
now we're getting somewhere right so
when someone doesn't give you a reason
when there's a question mark what does
your mind do
oh i would be haunted for like years to
come
okay so let's think about that for a
second so like this is going to be kind
of weird okay said because we're
okay
where does your mind know how to fill in
that question mark
like where where does it you know
because it could be like
you know because like when when when we
are faced with a question mark in life
our mind supplies us with answers yeah
yeah so where does all that stuff come
from like what kind of things would you
have
it would be stuff that i've seen in like
tv or movie
tv or movies it would be like what i've
seen happen in my like with my friends
or with my family or like reasons why
you know they've been dumped or whatever
tell me tell me i mean don't oh you know
no no violating a privacy or anything
but yeah yeah
yeah so um
i guess i've seen like on so i watch a
ton of reality tv shows
specifically baby ones it is my vice
it is my advice love island binges for
12 hours at a time okay
so i
the disappointment in your face but like
i'll see people like yeah it's not gonna
work out because you are too hot-headed
or something like that right then i'm
like oh my god am i too hot-headed i
know that's not true so what's the next
one um is it because i'm not emotionally
available well that very well might be
true um so i would assume something like
that or
uh i
am not
vulnerable enough is like okay now i'm
just like
telling you my relationship fears
um i'm scared yeah i'm not vulnerable
enough with my partner or
um
something like i'm really scared to be
boring i'm really scared to bore my
partner
uh okay
so now
so yeah so you
good job
you're telling me your emotional
this has nothing to do with them it has
nothing to do with the reason they
rejected you what your mind fills in
is coming from you
right so why do we fear
fail like because like because here's
the thing
if you stack the odds in your favor and
they say yes what happens to all your
doubts about your emotional availability
and you're scared to be boring and all
that crap
they say yes what happens to all those
insecurities
i mean they're definitely still there
they're just kind of like
subsided for the moment that they're
like
yeah damn right and then if if i'm just
gonna assume a heteronormative
perspective for a moment so like if if
you text him over a weekend and he
doesn't respond what happens to those
dormant fears
they just pop right back up there we go
yeah so when you stack the odds in your
favor and you trick them into saying yes
in the back of your mind
we're gonna act
we're gonna put on this act we're gonna
be look at you like in the first 30
seconds what did i say about you look at
how lively you are
heaven forbid you appear to be boring
oh my goodness
right
yeah
and so as long as you like stack the
odds in your favor i know this is kind
of weird but you're actually
hamstringing yourself in terms of
developing confidence
because if you put on this show and you
like work extra hard to not be you
because heaven forbid they see all that
ugliness on the inside so i'm going to
put on this act i would make sure that
this person is going to say yes
but then it's tricky because like
when you say you're kind of not
emotionally available i think what your
it sounds like what you're not
comfortable doing is being vulnerable in
a relationship
and then
you know
i don't know exactly where i'm going
with this but it feels
like it's in the right direction if yeah
it does for me too yes
i feel like i should give you some kind
of answer instead of just
making you feel naked on stream
no no it's okay it's okay i i will help
you just give me a second fair enough
i ended up so this is the problem when i
tend to be right is like usually when
i'm wrong i can ask more questions
but when i say things and it seems to be
right i like hit the end of the train
like way too quickly so you got to give
me any any thoughts or questions about
this
um
no i guess it's like uh yeah one of
those you pulled the table cloth out and
like
everything kind of shattered not really
not in a bad way but just sort of like
oh yeah well these insecurities are my
own and i'm projecting them into like
the way that i handle
relationships or like these fears are
never going to go away no matter how
much validation i get from my partner
it's like a band-aid it feels like a
band-aid
okay now we're gonna no no they will go
away they're absolutely okay but what
you need to get from your partner is not
validation
because here's the thing like what you
need to get like what you like here's
the problem you can't if you're tricking
someone into falling in love with you
sid
stacking the odds 99 in your favor
you're gonna do your hair cute you're
gonna look cute and it's gonna be great
and like he's not he's not gonna know
what hit him like all that stuff is
fantastic but then the problem is that
like you can never have confidence that
he's into you
right because it's the odds stacked in
your favor because you've compensated in
your mind the more you stack the odds in
your favor the more you're compensating
for all the negative stuff
and so if he says yes why did he say yes
is it because of the way that you stack
the odds or is it because
does that make sense
yeah i guess one thing that i do want to
say is like the whole stacking the odds
and the favor thing feels very
preliminary for me like
once i'm past that
initial
like
i'm equally like i'm interested in this
person and that they're equally
interested in
me
like that stuff kind of goes out the
window like i but i also feel like
everybody puts on their best face when
they're like beginning dating someone
yeah i'm not saying like it makes sense
you know be slovenly
you go out you know but but so so that's
a really good point so like what happens
is you start to stack the odds in your
favor right like they say yes now you
feel reassured you can show them a
little bit more and then we get to your
other fears which is like you're not
emotionally available you're scared to
be bored
and you know whatever and so then i
think the next thing is is that if we
like talk about relationships and if
you're dating someone at some point
you're gonna have like
level two of that thing i don't know how
else to put it but you're gonna have an
opportunity to stack the odds in your
favor and not show something
or
be vulnerable for a moment and give the
other person a chance to accept or
reject you
and the confidence comes when you
actually like put yourself out there
and give him a chance to reject you
yeah
right so like
show and that can be incredibly
terrifying because you don't actually
know like you know the thought
that
you'll be rejected for all of these
things that you because you're afraid
right and you don't ever want to give
yourself a situation where you will be
proved correct
because right now you've got doubt on
your side baby
you could be wrong it's all my
insecurities thank god it's not real
it's just my insecurities but if you
ever take a chance
and it turns out that your insecurities
are real
then you're sol
with me
yeah
so it's it's the trickiest thing in the
world but like we can never like this is
what paralyzes people is that
the insecurities that we have we never
really give people an authentic chance
to like
it's not about validation it's about
like testing them
and instead when you tell your friends
all they're going to do is reassure you
what does that do to your reassure your
insecurities
it's like a band-aid fix again yep and
they'll come back
yeah and so when i asked you about
developing confidence when you say fake
it till you make it like i think you
made something there's something very
real there
i don't think they just convinced you i
think that on some way there is
conditioning right so they started to
tell you particular things and this is
where you know honestly if i you know i
hope i can authentically be like oh my
god you're watching dating shows because
this is where there may be a real thing
going on which is that if your mind like
i know it sounds weird but we do get
conditioned by what we're exposed to so
in the case of black student union you
got exposed to like tons of like
positive language and so you started to
like really test it for yourself i don't
actually think that dating i mean i
would i would be curious but i don't i
don't think it's really the dating
show's fault but i would be curious if
you kind of cut back on the dating shows
or you even acknowledged that this is
the dating show talking
and see its effect on your mind whether
that would help
but those things don't even approximate
reality right
no
okay yeah no it's all
yeah i don't know i guess like
it's stuff that i've always watched
though like
even when i was younger i would i
watched like
i don't know next in parental control
and like all of that garbage um
so it's hard for me to say
what it
the take that i would have on
relationships if i wasn't watching it
yeah i mean
i i gotta say
the more that i think about it the more
i think i'm just kind of memeing with
you that i don't really think i mean
because it sounds like your insecurities
are based on real experiences actually
which is what they usually are
yeah because
you know
because i
something tells me that
you know being emotionally unavailable
is not like what
they demonstrate on dating shows
yeah i guess sometimes like when i see
there's definitely like a season that i
was watching with my friends and there
was this girl who like could not share
her feelings i was like oh my god like
my friends were like oh look it's you
you know like those kind of things and
it's like yeah that's uh yeah that's me
um or but it is an experience that i've
had
on my own in dating and then it's like
you just see it in someone else and
you're like oh that's how i act that's
crazy ah so maybe this is a chicken or
egg issue because maybe it's not the
dating shows that condition you
but maybe it's your own because that's
that's why we watch twitch right that's
why people actually watch this channel
it's because the people on here are like
representations of what we ourselves
experience
yeah
so i i'm so now i think if we want to
try to make this productive because now
for some reason i'm feeling bad
um oh
i'm not quite sure why but so i want to
try to help you be more emotionally
available
what do you think gets in the way of you
being emotionally unavailable
or emotionally available what makes it
hard for you
um i think there's a lot of things if
i'm getting super personal about it two
things in my life come to mind first
one is that my mom and watching her date
so like my dad and my mom separated when
i was young like three or something like
that and there
have my mom has like been in and out of
love a lot of
times growing up and so
i was constantly witnessing her
put her heart on like she wears her
heart on her sleeve right she's very
emotionally available like
um upfront about those kind of things
and i just saw
it not work out so often
that it made me go well i need to be the
complete opposite and i don't want
i don't want to go through like what my
mom went through you know
so that's one of them and then i think
the other one is this strong independent
black woman box that i'm supposed to
live in
um makes me feel like if i am vulnerable
and open or like weak you know like
that's seen as weak it's the opposite of
like this box that i'm supposed to be a
part of
um
and so it makes it
really uncomfortable and hard for me to
express the way that i feel
damn you are introspective
you're good at this
thank you
it's like speed running
okay
all right so i've got three things for
you
number one i think it's it's makes sense
right so
you saw firsthand over and over and over
again the consequences of being
emotionally available
and you were like this is a bad strategy
it leads to suffering
and so we're not going to do that so i i
think oddly enough
changing our behavior like if we want to
become more emotionally available the
first thing to understand
is that emotional unavailability is not
a problem
it's a solution
so it's a solution that protects you
so this is the biggest biggest mistake
in general that i see with people trying
to change themselves is they see the
thing that they want to change is a
problem that needs to be fixed whereas
what they really need to understand is
that is a solution
that as long as the problem that that's
fixing is there it's going to be really
hard to like let it go
um so i don't know exactly how so and i
think essentially what you're saying is
that like you're not
you're doing it to protect yourself
yeah right it's like protecting me from
that rejection or whatever else yeah so
this is do you have a therapist
actually okay so i think this is have
you talked about this with your
therapist
a little bit yeah so i think this is the
the great thing to do i would recommend
that you spend this time like with your
therapist and what i would actually
recommend you do is like talk about the
actual experiences of watching your mom
go through what she went through
and something cool will happen there i
mean it's going to hurt when you recall
it
but the cool thing is that the more you
kind of like process and metabolize
those emotions
the less need you will need the less
important that shield will become
it's just how it works okay
the second thing is the box now this is
important sid
you got to let yourself be a weak
dependent
black woman
yeah
right like we have to like
that's going to be tough but i think
that's the short of it like so i think
the problem with a lot of this
you know acceptance stuff is that we
only accept a certain kind of acceptance
yeah
and and you know like we should like
accept people who are like overweight
and we should accept minorities but
heaven forbid we be compassionate
towards people who support donald trump
screw those guys
or like we shouldn't be compassionate
towards like anti-vaxxers or
anti-masters or whatever right like like
we have it's kind of interesting because
as a society we sort of have something
that is acceptable to cheer and if you
don't live up to that then you don't
deserve
you know and so i i love the way that
you kind of talk about the box of the
strong independent black woman because
like i think if you want to be a weak
dependent black woman you go girl and
you've got my support either way
and i i think oddly enough what happens
is that whether you're strong or not is
not fitting into that box i think your
strength is not something that can be
measured by like what people's put in
the box that i see very clearly i think
your strength is in your choices it's in
the things that you do it's in your
failures it's in you know putting
yourself out there it's in
you know having these challenges and
coming on the internet and like talking
about and that's your strength it's not
like whether you succeed and wind up in
a good relationship it's like what you
choose to do it's how you choose to live
your life
i don't know how you go about accepting
yourself as a weak dependent black woman
but i would say that you deserve your
love and your compassion and your
respect either way
and that you don't have to be a
particular thing to like be respected
right like if that's the choice that you
make just kind of like what you were
saying when we were talking about you
know fat acceptance versus fat shaming
which is like
you you accept the people for what they
want to do
yeah and the third thing is skills just
practice
so like this is where i'd say very
concretely like you know if there's
someone that you care about and you have
a feeling that your mind is telling you
don't share it
just share it a tiny tiny tiny bit
i've gotten better about that for sure
i've actually been very vocal with the
person that i'm seeing about these
issues that i have
and have
they they understand how hard it is for
me to say the things that i want to say
or like when i do
you know
express my feelings they they understand
how difficult it is for me which helps a
lot
yeah so you actually stumbled upon a
really cool technique there which is if
you have trouble talking conveying your
feelings
what you can actually do is go meta so
go one level above it and say hey i'm
having trouble conveying my feelings
yeah
and it's i'm serious it's it's how you
because then then as he accepts that
then you're gonna feel like more
comfortable talking to him and then
you'll get there so i'd say you know use
this what sid has stumbled upon which is
if you have trouble communicating your
feelings or even if you don't know what
you feel you can just explicitly say
that to your partner
hey i feel
like i don't know what to say right now
or it's hard for me to connect with you
and then that's actually really good
um i don't know if that's a solution for
you or not but i felt compelled to give
one i don't even know why because i
usually don't feel compelled to do that
uh in terms of like
practicing yeah that yeah no i
definitely
do
think it is a solution
and i'm trying really hard at it it's
just different there's a butt there's
nobody no no no
it is it is a solution it is hard
what's the butt give me the butt
is it really no butt
um
no i mean like okay it is a solution but
it sucks like it's not fun it's hard
it's really hard for me to do but i
understand that it's like probably good
for me
yeah yeah and then but what
okay so now now we okay so we're gonna
come full circle and maybe this will be
the end
so is it okay to not use that solution
is it okay for it to be hard and for you
to decide actually you know what this is
too hard for me today
i think so but it would not be something
that i would want to give up entirely
like if like one day i feel compelled to
say something but i'm like oh yeah this
is too hard i'll try again tomorrow
which is actually something i do really
often like really really often that's
awesome i'm really happy to hear that
because i think what that's actually
allowing yourself to do is be weak
i get to be weak today
i don't have to be strong every day
because the strong version of me would
have said it and like pushed myself past
what i yeah yeah exactly so i i said i
think you're doing fantastic i'm very
optimistic for you
hey um
as far as being an imposter
i know we were supposed to talk about
that
hmm any thoughts about that how are you
feeling about that whole thing
[Music]
for me
it's a feeling that doesn't have an an
end necessarily like i i'm not like oh
once i'm able to do this i will no
longer feel like an imposter i don't
know
what that is going to look like it feels
like something that i'm like gonna need
to reframe over time but i don't really
know how to do that you know um
but i suppose i'm like optimistic about
it i'm hopeful that eventually it'll be
something that i'm able to get past
another part of me recognizes that so
many of my peers feel that way that it's
like oh does it is it just like the
territory that comes with what we do
yeah so
let me share one or two thoughts about
that um and i apologize that you know we
didn't spend more time on that so one is
it's interesting because imposter
syndrome
so we have an internal sense of identity
and that internal sense of identity has
evolved like literally like over the
course of evolution our internal sense
of identity is slow to change
so if we think about like a human being
like
you know like i'm a kid and then i'm a
teenager and then i'm an adult but i'm
not really like a full adult
like i'm adult in the sense that you
know i have a job but i don't know how
to pay my taxes yet
you know those kinds of things and then
we like gradually become the people that
we are right it's not like an overnight
transition even if you thought think
about you know your transition from high
school to like confidence was like a
five or six year thing
so imposter syndrome literally like this
is like what i think i consider it's not
really a diagnosis but the diagnostic
criteria it's when your external value
skyrockets outer proportional to your
internal value
so you see this with people who become
very successful very quickly because
your internal sense of value hasn't
because generally speaking like how
successful we are is like a gradual
upward slope and what we see especially
with content creators and social media
is that people will explode right so one
year ago you were like a nursing student
yeah and now you're sid
and so it just it literally takes your
brain when there's a discrepancy between
your internal sense of value and your
external sense of value which happens a
lot in terms of the pace of social media
imposter syndrome increases so imposter
syndrome is the gap between what you
feel you are and the way that the world
treats you
so i also see imposter syndrome is more
common at places like harvard and
especially places like harvard medical
school so the greater the external value
that society places on you the more
likely you are to experience imposter
syndrome
so i think over time
assuming that your growth starts to
become somewhat linear at some point the
imposter syndrome will slowly hopefully
start to fade
the second thing that you can do is kind
of take a step back and like we were
sort of saying like acknowledge that
your external value
doesn't actually correlate with your
internal value
and that who you are is who you are and
just because you blew up on twitch
doesn't mean that you know you're a
special person that you're just a
regular person and this kind of gets
back to all that deserving stuff and
lucky stuff and things like that and
what i ultimately tend to find is that
when people really work through this
idea of what you're responsible for and
what you deserve credit for is your
actions not that your follower count
which is separate from this idea that
you know obviously you can count you
make calculated decisions to like grow
your brand and things like that right so
we're not saying it's random but your
fundamental sense of value does not get
determined by
you know your following
yeah and the more that you navigate that
i think the better imposter syndrome
will get
the last thing is to accept yourself for
being weak because then you don't have
to be an imposter like you can just suck
and that's okay and the moment that you
being successful and sucking is
has the same weight for you imposter
syndrome won't be a thing
you look like you're about to say
something
um
no i was so present and listening to you
that whatever i was about to say is gone
great
okay yeah i guess it's like
the imposter syndrome thing i
it's it's like a buzzword that you hear
so often but i've never had it explained
in a way where it's like
you know the way that you explain the
deficit and it definitely makes a lot
more sense
for me in that way like it that made
some things click for sure
and so the way that i think about it is
people are treating you in a way that
you don't deserve you feel but you don't
feel you deserve to be treated right and
that's because you deserve to be treated
this way but this is the way that people
are treating you and it's in that gap
that imposter some syndrome exists
so if you detach from the idea that you
deserve to be treated a particular way
then you'll be fine too
yeah
you can grow as a person
you can
cave your viewership
which in turn will not actually fix
things
because you'll still feel like a failure
you just won't feel like an imposter
syndrome you won't get an imposter
because they're treating you the way
that you know you deserve to be treated
which is still negative and then you
know you can grow grow your internal
sense of value over time and like you
know nice healthy real life
relationships where people where you
express vulnerability and people value
you anyway because hey i know it's kind
of weird sid you're allowed to be boring
you know
no you're not that's no i could say it
you're like no i'm not that's fine it's
it's hard to feel that way but i know i
am it's just like uh
i think on top of
you know like i have this job in
entertainment essentially i'm like i
never want to come on stream and be
boring but i don't want to be boring for
like my friends or the people around me
either you know um but i know it's okay
to be boring like if i just want to sit
on the couch all day and do nothing
that's okay
it
it's about it's okay for others
yeah so we're gonna try one last thing
so i i think you're right said like you
don't other people can be boring but
like you've got to be better than that
yeah
how does that make you feel when i say
that
other people can afford that you can't
afford that
well yeah obviously it feels bad
does it
i mean
it feels in line with the way that i
feel about myself but it's not something
that it's my fear that allows me to say
that to myself but i don't want to hear
other people say it to me right because
now my fear is realized and you saying
that i'm not or like i can't be boring
so that's kind of yeah it makes a lot of
sense but i would say that something
weird also happened is that you realized
the irrationality of your thoughts when
i supported them
yeah
because you started calling it your fear
right so when i start when i say oh like
you're allowed to be boring the voice in
your head pops up and resists it when i
say oh man it's like tough because like
it sounds like you really can't afford
to be boring
and then you're like well
that doesn't make sense
yeah even though it agrees so you see it
you see how that
happens yeah where like whatever like if
i agree with you like your mind will
naturally pop up and defend against it
and say that's my fear and that's
actually progress so this is the first
time that you've taken that thought
process and you've applied the
possessive to it instead of saying i am
you said it's my fear
literally i think it's the first time in
the interview and that's actually how
you overcome it like something just
shifted in your neurons where you
you own it now instead of it being true
does that make sense you're
externalizing it as a fear which is good
i feel like that became apparent to me
when we were talking about my
insecurities and how they're like my
insecurities that i'm projecting and
like that's what i'm afraid of yeah and
that i didn't get it from shows and
stuff like that so it so
yeah so the cool thing about your
insecurities is that they're not truths
the problem with our insecurities we're
afraid their truth but it's not it's
just your insecurity you're just
carrying that around
you know yeah
i think it's clear to me that you are
oh can i say this
i was about to say awesome
but you can accept that right
yeah
okay so you're awesome we're agreed
i i think i accept compliments well okay
yes sure also i think you'd be great
even if you weren't awesome
thank you
actually you know what you're you're not
great all the time
but i'm still a big fan
how does that feel
that's fair yeah
that feels good
all right well
um
i sometimes teach meditation on stream
are you interested in learning something
or you want to
pause or
kind of just bow out at this point or
what i mean i'm down um the issue that
i've had with like meditation and stuff
like that in the past is i don't um like
i don't have any visual imagery and so
people are like i don't produce my own
visual imagery with that um fantasia get
rid of it
so people will be like oh like imagine a
beach or something like that i don't
imagine it and so then i can't like
do that part of it but i'm down to hang
out and and try
we're not gonna have you visualizing
anything okay okay if i don't have to
visualize i'm cool wait you what is this
condition that you have is this like a
medical thing
well it's like not um it's something
that i heard about recently and it's not
like diagnosed or anything like that but
it's a thing called a ontasia where you
don't
like my entire reality changed recently
when i realized that other people see
imagery in their head they like picture
they like
yeah can actually picture things whereas
i i can't at all
okay so we're gonna we don't need you to
picture anything i teach you meditation
without imagery i i personally am not i
actually wonder if maybe my problem with
guided meditations because i don't do
guided meditations
and maybe it just occurred to me that
maybe the reason i don't is because i've
never been able to do them
i wonder if i actually have the same
thing
you should look it up
definitely look it up because like i've
always liked i don't teach like you know
most of the meditation apps and stuff
will be like guided imagery meditation
yes yes and i'm like this does nothing
it does nothing for me
so
so we're okay so we're going to teach
you a very simple
breathing meditation it's going to be a
focusing meditation okay
so i want you to raise your right hand
spread out your fingers okay
and then i want you to fold these two
fingers down can you do that good and
then can you put these together
okay uh hopefully this will work with
your nails you can close your nostrils
with your nails right
yeah yeah okay so got it okay so what
we're going to do is sit up straight
okay i'm going to t
huh
oh i was sitting criss crossed i put my
feet down
oh no you could say chris are you like
you were sitting cross-legged yeah yeah
that's just your back should be straight
but okay
so i'm going to teach you a technique
called nari shudi or nadi shodhana which
means like it means cleansing of your
energy channels okay so we're gonna do
is block our right nostril with our
right thumb and breathe in through our
left
hold the breath and switch
and breathe out
excellent now breathe in for the same
nostril
switch
and breathe out
in
switch
out
good now close your eyes
and continue at your own pace remember
to breathe in
and then switch with a full breath of
air
and then breathe out
and then in through the same nostril
switch
out
beautiful
in again
switch
out
in
switch
out
you're doing great we're gonna do three
more breaths in
switch
out
in
switch
out
and last one in
switch
out
excellent now let your eyes stay closed
let your hand relax
i want you to sit in this space
sit in the experience of yourself
notice your breathing
just be
notice that in this moment you are not a
strong independent black woman
or a weak independent black woman
you're not even black and you're not
even a woman
you're just you
when you're ready
go ahead and come on back
that was nice i like breathing exercises
what were you
what was your experience like
i don't i know it's kind of a weird
question
um
very present i feel like
a lot of the time i'm living ahead of
myself or behind myself
but
yeah being able to like practice
breathing and just
focus on my body and what i'm doing
feels very present
were you thinking things
not really i like was kind of
um like when you said just be in the
moment i was like i can't have a fan on
so i was like hearing whirring which was
nice and i just like felt very relaxed
not thinking about too much
so this is so good job you've now
meditated
so the interesting thing about
meditation is that it's the absence of
thoughts that's really what we're
shooting for
so it's kind of weird but like you're
present you exist you're awake you're
conscious but you're not thinking and
it's normal for us to have thoughts here
or there but like as we focus on the
practice
as we drive our attention towards a
particular thing the thinking will
actually stop
and so like now we're like thinking
again and so just keep doing that and as
you do that i think even like
insecurities and stuff will start to
kind of like melt away because i don't
know if this makes sense but
even in that brief moment you know if
you look at the middle of the practice
like you weren't emotionally unavailable
you weren't emotionally available none
of those things actually existed you're
just you
right all that stuff is like crap that
our mind makes it's like all these
insecurities we have and stuff like it's
all function of the mind it's not
actually who we are
and so stepping outside of your mind
from time to time can actually alleviate
some of the pressures of what our mind
places on us like oh my god you have to
be better sid you have to be like you
have to be so good you can't be born
like no you can just be you just just
who you are you're great the way you are
even with all your flaws
cool
any last thoughts or questions before we
wrap up
um
no i guess if this is goodbye i just
want to say thank you very much it's
been great
talking with you and um yeah practicing
i would say today i practiced being
vulnerable for sure
yes you did
so i am i appreciate the guidance
definitely yeah i and i appreciate
everything about what you brought today
and and i really
just love the way that you know i think
you've been very introspective and you
understand a lot of things so i think we
covered a lot of topics where usually we
just focus on one thing but i think you
know it's clear that you've thought
about this stuff a lot
and do you want to just tell us one last
time like where we can find you on the
internets and what you do
ah yeah um so you can find me pretty
much on all socials under cityon i am a
twitch streamer but you know do other
platforms and everything play a lot of
valorent but other games too so yeah
that's kind of my deal
yeah awesome and she's definitely not
boring right
yeah guys i'm not boring i swear
[Laughter]
well thanks a lot soon and best of luck
to you you know
i'm rooting for you
thank you i appreciate that a ton
thanks a lot bye thank you bye-bye